[Example 13] Multi-robot system with lifecycle management (#417)
ros-controls/ros2_control_demos: README.md

   The example shows a simple chainable controller and its integration to form a controller chain to control the joints of *RRBot*.

> * Example 13: ["Multi-robot system with lifecycle management"](example_13)
> 
>    This example shows how to include multiple robots in a single controller manager instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Example 13: ["Multi-robot system with hardware lifecycle management"](example_13)

   This example shows how to handle multiple robots in a single controller manager instance.
```
